added link to non-deprecated resource (#27312)
mdn/content: files/en-us/web/api/installevent/index.md

{{InheritanceDiagram}}

> > **Note:** Use the non-deprecated ServiceWorkerGlobalScope [`install`](/en-US/docs/Web/API/ServiceWorkerGlobalScope/install_event) event instead.

Reviewer: This page is for an `InstallEvent`, which is an event class, and here you're suggesting that you use [`install_event`](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/API/ServiceWorkerGlobalScope/install_event) which is an instance, of type [`ExtendableEvent`](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/API/ExtendableEvent). This feels inconsistent.

How about something like:

```suggestion
> **Note:** Instead of using the deprecated {{domxref("ServiceWorkerGlobalScope.install_event", "oninstall")}} handler to catch events of this type, instead handle the (non-deprecated) [`install`](/en-US/docs/Web/API/ServiceWorkerGlobalScope/install_event) using a listener added with [`addEventListener()`](/en-US/docs/Web/API/EventTarget/addEventListener).
```
